When would you want to create a remote repository rather then keeping all your work local?

You would want to create a remote repository to collaborate or to back up files or both. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay 
up-to-date with your remote repository?

When I was on Github and created and committed a file I need to edit the file because of a mistake.
I had to do this two times so I committed three times in total. I'd rather pull the changes
down after the last commit rather than have Git automatically pull it from the remote.  

Describe the difference between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A fork is only done on Github and you use this if you want to clone from github repository directly to 
your directory.  It keeps track of those who forked off of you and links back to the orginal.  Branch
is when you start a new development stream from the master branch or any other branch.  A clone is a 
complete copy of the repository including versions. You can clone from gitHub repo or from another
local repo.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored?

It allows git to remind you that you need to update a remote with your new commits.

Reflect: When to use a separate branch

You just saw that the workflow when making changes in a separate branch is more complicated than working directly in master, especially when you need to stay up-to-date with changes others are making. Rather than simply pulling and pushing, you need to pull changes into your local master branch, merge the local master into your branch (different-oil, in our case), then push your branch to the remote before finally merging your branch into master, either locally or on GitHub.

Given that, please add the following question and your thoughts on it to your reflections file:

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

It does not put the master in danger just in case, and by branching out then using a pull request, you
can have some else look at it and even add changes.  Then you pull down, merge, resolve conflict,
push up your changes for the "testing" branch then change back to master on you local and pull down
the updates.    


